[classical music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[engine revs]
[dance music playing]
-Midlife crisis is going well.
-[chuckles]
I'm 48.
Can it handle a race or not?
[revving]
Raúl. let's not be childish.
-[tires screeching]
-[exhales]
Whoa! Asshole!
What an idiot!
Oh. son of a bitch. watch it!
No. "bitch" is wrong. It's wrong.
Let's see.
ALPHA MALES
I can't do anything about your fines.
When will you get that through your head?
It's his fault.
He was teasing me about the car.
Well. you fell for it.
That was way out of line.
Hey. you guys could have ran me over.
What are you. a teenager?
You're still a bunch of sexist pigs.
Have you forgotten about the course?
Hey. shut up about that damn course.
Did it even help us get deconstructed?
No. no. hold on a second.
The both of you are not deconstructed.
Come on. we tried it out.
No. I'm serious. How has this
new masculinity improved our lives?
I'll tell you guys.
It hasn't. We're worse off.
[Santi] Oh. that's not true.
Santi. you getting active consent
cost you your job and your girlfriend.
That was an error with my computer.
Calling yourself a woman didn't help much.
[Raúl] Poor Pedro had
to report his boss for harassment.
It wouldn't have been a problem
if you just fucked her.
That would've been perfect.
Okay. how about Luis?
Hmm? His open marriage is going well.
It's going well?
[Pedro] They think he's a creep at work
and at his kids' school.
I don't know how to read the signals.
[Raúl] Luz left me
for being hetero-curious.
I never would've let a dude
suck my dick before.
Only happened to you.
Don't go blaming the course.
-Santi. enough. dude.
-[cell phone chimes]
We've been brainwashed by feminism.
It's not even that bad--
Oh. shit. Daniela.
-Huh? Where are you going?
-She wants to see me!
Desperate. are we?
[sighs]
Hey. stop saying those things in front
of Pedro. or he'll put it in the series.
I don't care.
I want the whole world to know.
I reject this new masculinity.
You're with me. right?
This is the way. Luis. No. no. Wait. wait.
Luis. look at me.
[grunts]
[chuckles]
[Daniela] I don't believe it.
I mean. is this for real?
-How are you?
-Fine.
-Oh. Right.
-[both laugh]
[Pedro sighs]
You look so beautiful.
Um. okay. first of all.
thank you for the 100 euros
you Venmoed me in 50-cent installments.
-How nice.
-Because you blocked me on everything.
Did you at least read the memos?
"I love you. I'm very sorry."
"Come back. Forgive me."
Not very original
for someone who's a creative executive.
It worked out eventually.
I'm pregnant.
-That's great. So awesome.
-[chuckles]
Congratulations. my love.
I'm willing to get back together
and take care of the child with you.
-Whoever the father is.
-No. no.
Quite the opposite.
I don't want to get back together.
-But it's your child.
-But… I don't get it.
In London. they told me
they couldn't inseminate me
because I was already pregnant.
By me?
I'm gonna be a father?
You mean. it's mine?
-Yes. yours.
-[chuckles]
[gasps] From my semen?
Yes.
Then let's get back together.
You wanna do this alone?
I don't get a say in it?
What the hell? I'm telling you about it
to share the burden with me.
Yeah. of course.
I'm happy to do that. but I don't know…
Uh. uh. what do we do now?
The standard regulatory agreement
for a breastfeeding baby.
It's a progressive-shared custody
and guardianship system.
Since it's not born yet.
it's split into three periods.
[Pedro] Hold on.
Well. us being parents
was a project we started together.
When we were happy
and really excited about it. right?
Look. Pedro.
we've never been happy together.
[Pedro scoffs] What?
Well. I thought about it.
and I don't know why I liked you.
you know?
[laughs] I don't know.
It's all in here. Pedro.
Listen to the first clause.
"Both parties have already been separated
for months before the child's birth."
"Therefore each party may choose to reside
where ever they consider convenient."
Uh. give me a minute. please.
I woke up this morning.
Had breakfast. worked out. got a fine.
and then all of a sudden.
I'm here to talk
about the custody of my child
that hasn't even been born yet.
And I don't know.
It just seems like a lot.
Okay. well. you can take your time.
I would like to sign
before the baby is born.
It's the right thing to do.
And the pregnancy? I wanna be involved.
But why? I'll call you after I give birth.
Right. but couldn't you invite me
to the ultrasounds?
[exhales] I'll unblock you
and send you pics on WhatsApp.
-That'd be great.
-[Daniela] Bye.
-[door opens. closes]
-Well. congratulations.
[sighs] Yeah.
Why don't we have lunch at school?
Because it's healthier at home
and cheaper too.
But I miss out on afternoon recess.
Okay.
So. do you know what you're getting me
for Father's Day yet? Hmm?
-It's not called that anymore.
-Why not? It's Father's Day.
Now it's called Special Person's Day.
Say what?
Hello. How are you? [chuckles]
I'm a bit nervous.
Uh. I have a question about my character.
It's a woman with a little cold.
Yeah. but I was hoping
for a little background on her.
Does she struggle? Does she have trauma?
Something I can use.
It's just flu medicine.
You sneeze. That's about it.
Oh. okay. okay.
I just thought that. uh… hmm.
Thank you.
Okay. [clears throat]
[camera beeps]
When you're ready.
Gosh. I thought
you were going to say "action."
No.
[sneezes]
[blows]
You don't have to blow your nose.
But it was just an idea I had.
It might make the cold
look more intense. you know? Hmm.
That was great. Thanks.
-Who is next?
-Can I go again. please?
'Cause I think it can be more organic.
[gasps]
[sneezes]
[exhales. blows nose]
Better. right? [chuckles]
[groans] I'm qualified. I think.
And I have experience.
Why has no one called?
They say that LinkedIn is the new Tinder.
This is all because of you.
I was happy doing appraisals.
Dad. you've never been happy.
Use a plate. will ya?
What's the problem?
The problem is we're in deep shit. Blanca.
That's the problem.
Or tell me how you guys are planning
on paying our mortgage.
I thought I was supposed to study.
Want me to drop out?
No. no. It's not about you.
I didn't mean to include you.
I was talking to your mom.
[Blanca] Oh. what a drag.
So. isn't this a little patriarchal.
having a man support you your whole life?
Well. I'm not a feminist.
I don't care about that.
I prefer a man that opens the door for me.
that gives me flowers.
that takes me on beautiful vacations.
-I'm a romantic woman.
-[Santi] Right.
Well. I can't do this anymore.
I ride my bike all day.
then study for this post office job.
How sad. Dad. You don't have any dreams?
I do. Not having to worry
about finding a job. all right?
Look at all these crumbs!
[sighs]
Blanca.
What? Okay. fine. I'll get a job.
but I'll tell you now.
I'm a terrible employee.
-[intercom rings]
-Hmm.
I'm on number 38.
You don't need to keep using numbers.
Come in. my love.
-Can you let him in for me?
-[scoffs]
How do you keep going on dates
with what's going on?
[Blanca] That doesn't matter.
Oh. great. Look at this asshole.
Hey.
-Santi. right? Manu.
-Hmm.
-Nice to meet you.
-Come in.
She's still getting ready.
You in a hurry? Would you like a salad?
No. thanks. Nice to meet you.
She's said a lot about you.
Oh. she hasn't mentioned you.
But I hope things work out.
And then she can move in with you.
Well. that's a bit soon.
Well. at our age. you know? Hmm.
-Yeah.
-Look. Manu. I really don't want her here.
I just need some peace.
Not because of her. She's an angel.
She's lovely. Totally charming.
Okay. in bed. she's a ten.
-[laughs]
-Come again?
Oh. I'm sure you know that already.
What are you doing here?
Don't come inside.
[Manu] But he opened the door for me.
Mm. See ya. [chuckles]
[cell phone ringing]
Hey. guys. I got a new place.
Wanna celebrate with some drinks tonight?
-Daniela is pregnant.
-Already?
And did you know Álex is going out
with a guy our age?
Wow. the donor thing
worked out really fast.
No. no. no. It's mine.
She was pregnant when she got to London.
Did you hear what I said?
Álex. my daughter.
is going out with some old dude.
Oh. Santi. come on.
Pedro's gonna be a father.
Well. my friend.
you won't get Father's Day anymore.
She took her time telling you.
That's 'cause she doesn't
wanna have one with you.
Not at all.
She gave me a regulatory agreement.
Oh. fuck. Women are moving fast now.
Make the most of it.
You have to be the best dad in the world
if you wanna get back with her.
Well. at least she's off the market.
-Raúl. come on.
-What?
Yeah. there's time.
You've got the pregnancy. birth.
and postpartum depression. A year minimum.
You're a loser
if you don't win her back. man.
-[laughs]
-But she seemed very bitter.
[Raúl] Gotta go. I'm at the gym.
There's one next to my place.
Check out these babes.
I'll be fucking nonstop.
You're objectifying.
It's so awesome saying
whatever the hell I want now. [laughs]
-[beeping]
-Is this register open?
[energetic dance music playing]
Hey. beautiful. I'm here to sign up.
It's free registration. right?
No. sorry. This is a women's-only gym.
-What do you mean by that?
-Well. it's a safe space for us. you know?
-Safe from what? Is that legal?
-[clerk] It would seem so.
Fuck. but I live right next door.
Right. but it's women only.
And how do you know I'm a man?
-You're assuming my gender.
-[sighs] Here we go.
And what if I'm a woman?
Get out of here. asshole.
Ha! I can call the police. Ha!
I'll report you for discrimination.
All of you.
But… but listen.
If I say I'm a woman. then I'm a woman.
-All right.
-Watch it.
This is police brutality.
Don't provoke us.
'Cause I'd love to take you out.
Oh. that's right.
You never did call me back.
-[laughs]
-Just go.
[Raúl clicks tongue]
Luis. not everyone has a dad.
Maybe they were abandoned.
or they have two moms.
or it's a single-mother situation.
We don't want anyone to feel out of place.
I feel out of place already.
Uh. I think she means the kids. hmm?
But. look. we've always
celebrated it this way.
Hence the expression. "You're more lost
than a bastard on Father's Day." [scoffs]
What? Luis. why do you care about this?
Imagine they changed Mother's Day.
What would you do then?
-A mother is a mother.
-A father is a father.
And I want my gifts.
It's the one day they give me something.
Well. maybe you'll be
their special person.
But I'm their father. I'm already special.
Luis. let them decide this. would you?
That way. the gift has more value.
You have to earn it.
[hesitates]
How can you have a women's-only gym?
What is this. apartheid?
Raúl. those have existed forever.
Well. they're obviously
discriminating against me.
Well. to them.
you're a potential sex offender.
Because I'm a man?
That's like telling a Muslim
they're a potential terrorist.
Or telling a Colombian
they're a potential drug dealer.
Or a priest. a potential pedo.
They've taken Father's Day.
What else are they gonna take?
They'll segregate us.
like in concentration camps.
Well. that's fine.
We'll make plans. We don't need them.
All right. I'm gonna look
for places just for guys.
No. you've taken us to scary places. Raúl.
Ah. here we go again.
Ever since God existed.
St. Joseph's Day has been Father's Day.
That's the point.
Yeah. I guess you could also
call it All Parents Matter Day.
Or maybe Sperm Day.
Because you still need sperm. don't you?
Well. they're researching
whether one egg can fertilize another.
For lesbians. They would only have girls.
'Cause the chromosomes would be XX.
They're discriminating against us.
Discriminating? They want us extinct.
Check this out.
"Are you sick of being told
you're the reason
the world has all these problems?"
"We look forward to seeing you
in our workshop for evolving men."
-Evolving. What is that course about?
-[Raúl] No idea.
-The place looks cool.
-[Luis] "Awaken the hero within"?
It's like my course on reconstructing
your virility. but in the countryside.
Wanna go this weekend.
see what we can learn?
Yeah. I don't have the money for that.
I'll pay for it.
Okay. then.
-And you're sure it's for straight guys?
-Well. yeah. You're really traumatized.
[mutters]
[groans]
[Blanca] Bye. my love.
-Hey. so you wanna go out again?
-I'll call you.
She's not gonna call you. man. Hmm.
My ex-husband. He's irrelevant.
Don't you have to study?
Blanca. I'm so worried.
Álex is going out with a guy our age.
Oh. yes. Manu. Marta's dad.
Which Marta?
-Her ex.
-Which ex?
You know. the one with the health clinic.
He's got money. We could ask for a loan.
Oh. of course.
Why don't we sell our teenage daughter?
-Very medieval.
-Hello.
"Hello"? Uh…
No. no. no. no. Sit down.
You and I need to have a discussion
about this right now.
I know what you're gonna say.
No. no. You have no idea.
That Manu could be my father.
That when I'm 40.
he'll be 70. and I'll be his nurse.
And what is an empowered woman like me
doing going out with an old man. right?
So what then?
I'm sapiosexual. Guys my age are idiots.
But weren't you bisexual? I can't keep up.
Relax. I promise that when I'm 50.
I'll date a 30-year-old.
Yeah. Well. invite this Manu here.
'cause the three of us are gonna have
a little conversation together.
[Álex] I'll send you his number.
You can meet up whenever you want.
Our daughter's trying to find a father.
-[groans]
-You have no authority.
-[cell phone chimes]
-She's like an orphan.
[Santi sighs]
Iris made me this macaroni necklace.
Aww. and this pencil holder
with toilet paper tubes was Ulises's.
"For my dad."
Hmm. And this? Uh…
What's this thing?
They're not talented artists.
Let's be honest.
Okay. I'm going.
My dyslexic student
has her driving test today.
Hey. today. I'm going
to this workshop for evolving men.
A course again?
Don't deconstruct yourself anymore.
Oh. no. this is
to awaken my internal hero.
Oh. my goodness.
-[game beeping]
-[TV playing]
Uh. hey. kids. What's up?
So have you chosen
your special person yet?
Right. it's not easy.
It has to be someone
that watches you every day.
Uh. someone that loves you. Hmm?
Someone truly special.
And. well. who is
more special than your dad?
I do have a list.
Uh. who's on your list?
Hmm?
Nana and Mom.
No. Mom already has her day.
-My friend Martina.
-Uh. Martina?
Oh!
Uh. okay. all right. What do you want?
A trip to Euro Disney? A PS5? Hmm?
I want a cell phone
that has TikTok and WhatsApp.
Right. but a cell phone. Ulises?
You're only 12 years old.
But all my friends have one.
Okay. we'll discuss the phone
with your mom. Choose something else.
I want blockers for my hormones.
so my tits don't grow.
What?
I wanna be a guy.
Uh. and what cell phone do you want?
[exhales]
-[Blanca] You. life
-[snores. groans]
[Blanca] Without mercy
You destroy my days
-My skin and my smile
-[groans]
How can I carry on
If you never even see me?
God.
You and time
Without regard. you take my breath away
Oh. I'm impeded
And you forget. I depend on you
-[groans]
-[Blanca] Oh. cruel destiny!
How can you be so cold
Abandoning me to my fate
With your forgetfulness?
And without you. I die
-[Santi groans]
-[exhales]
Poetry. I mean. seriously.
Blanca thinks she can pay our mortgage
by winning poetry contests.
-How long she been writing?
-Since last night.
Oh. dude. it's sticky back here.
What is this?
It's the kids. You have to get used
to it. Pedro. Welcome to the club.
-So. your shitty sperm wasn't that bad.
-We'll see how it turns out.
-[laughing]
-[Raúl] You're sure it's yours. right?
Of course. yeah. [chuckles]
Luis. you missed the turn!
[Luis] It's the GPS. It's frozen.
-[Raúl] Turn around here. come on.
-[Luis] I can't do that.
See the line? It's continuous.
Your sense of direction
is worse than my aunt Conchi's.
[Santi] I got a phone call.
-Be quiet.
-Who is it?
I don't know.
It could be a job interview. Shh!
Yes. hello. Yeah. sure.
Oh. thank you. Nice to meet you.
Uh. I'm sorry. no.
No. no. no. I'm not a woman anymore.
-That was something stupid I did--
-[laughing]
[Santi] What?
No. I don't want to--
Seriously. I said I don't wanna--
You are the scum
of this whole damn earth! You know that?
-[all laughing]
-Jesus.
Who was that?
[Santi] Another annoying journalist.
"Irene Castro. do not answer."
Irene Castro.
She wrote an article
about me when I did my course.
This Irene Castro?
Oh!
I'm Rodrigo Gallego.
Welcome to my workshop
for the evolution of men.
Because. yes. we are men.
But are we meant to be ashamed of that?
We've had enough
of being told what we do wrong.
We don't want more news of all these men
that act aggressively
and with violence.
The grand majority of us aren't like that.
-Whose idea was this?
-[Raúl] Shh!
Masculinity is as necessary as femininity.
They are the two creative forces
of the universe.
The yin and the yang.
The time has come
to forgive ourselves for being men.
And how do we do that?
[grunting]
Release all that anger.
Yes. that's it.
Let go of your fears.
Let go of your shame.
I'm a police officer! [grunts]
[Rodrigo] Make peace
with that part of you that is strong.
Awaken the internal hero inside you!
-Huh?
-[grunting continues]
[Santi] I sent a message.
She left me on "read."
-That's normal.
-You did call her "scum."
What did you say? "Hey. wanna meet up?
I think you're so hot."
An interview might be a good thing.
You know. to clean up my image.
-What image. you moron?
-[Rodrigo] Concentration. guys.
This is a safe environment where you can
receive the empathy of your brothers.
-Feel the energy.
-[exhaling]
-[cell phone ringing]
-[Luis] Oh. uh. sorry.
If you haven't silenced your cell phone.
now is the time to do it.
[exhales]
It's my wife. I have to answer.
Otherwise. well. you know.
See? Here is an example
of low masculine energy.
[Luis] Uh…
Uh. honey. I'm at that thing I told you…
Come again?
Okay.
I'm on my way now. [gasps]
My grandmother died.
She was still alive?
-[alerts chime]
-Oh. Nana.
Daniela's asking
if I can take her to the gyno.
Manu. "Yeah. we can meet up."
Oh. you bet we're meeting up.
You're leaving me alone. assholes?
Tomorrow. Tell us tomorrow.
Forgive yourself.
It's the last time I invite you anywhere.
[exhales]
Thank you for calling me.
You're welcome. I'm not a mean person.
I'm at your full disposal.
I can pick you up. take you wherever.
I'll do anything for my son.
Or daughter.
Because you're sure he's mine.
-Or she's mine?
-[nurse] Daniela.
-Yes.
-Come in.
[Pedro] Hmm.
[doctor] So. it's week ten.
How's it going?
Bad. I'm very nauseous and exhausted.
-Are you still taking folic acid?
-Oh. yeah.
I'm Pedro. the father.
Yeah. Hello.
-Okay. let's do that ultrasound.
-[Daniela grunts]
[doctor] You're about to see your baby
for the first time.
The embryo already looks like a human.
-[Daniela] Aww.
-Sorry. one question.
If I wanted to do a paternity test.
can we do it now. or should we wait a bit?
You are a bastard.
I'm having a child with an asshole.
What an awful realization.
Hey. listen.
They told me I was practically sterile.
Oh. so we're getting into it?
Because you're the liar here.
Don't get confused.
That's fine. Forget about the test.
There's no need to be so dramatic.
Look. why would I make this up?
I can't stand you. Of course it's yours.
I'd already chosen the donor.
A 29-year-old mulatto
that speaks five languages.
I already said that I'm sorry.
What do you want?
I have my own insecurities as well. and--
-A mulatto?
-Stop.
Stop here.
You can't get out here. Come on.
I need you to pull over now.
Yeah. and I don't wanna.
-[retches]
-[vomit splashes]
[gasps. coughs]
[Daniela coughs]
[Santi clears throat]
Uh. listen. Manu. let's talk frankly.
40-year-old to 40-year-old man.
Think you're too old
to be out with someone
as young as my 18-year-old daughter?
Just turned. by the way.
Álex is an adult though.
If she wants to go out--
[Santi] No. she doesn't understand.
Because it's coerced consent.
That's clear to me.
And what is that?
[laughs] Buddy. you should get informed
before you do something dumb.
It's an abuse of power.
You're a lot older than she is.
You're manipulating her.
Álex?
[chuckles] Dude.
do you know your daughter?
Uh. hey. Manu. I'm asking you.
I mean. you are a grown-ass adult.
At least you're supposed to be.
I'll say this about myself. I still
feel like I'm 25 years old. you know?
Well. I'm happy for you.
Uh-huh. But you're not 25 anymore.
How old are you?
Forty-seven.
Oh. my goodness. He's two years older.
Hey. you want a beer?
No. I don't want anything.
[cell phone rings]
-"Irene Castro. do not answer."
-Shh! Irene.
Hey. how are you?
Uh. yeah. get me a beer. Thanks. yeah.
[chuckles]
Uh. no. I'm okay.
I'm with… I'm with a friend.
-Thank you.
-[server] My pleasure.
Hey. Irene. right? How's it going?
Hey. I'm sorry I'm so… so late.
-[laughs]
-Are you drunk right now?
No. Well. just a bit.
Let me… let me tell you something.
I just met Manu.
My daughter's dating this old guy.
Uh. as a son-in-law. bad.
But as a friend. fine.
And. uh…
Yeah. I don't think you should be
interviewing me like this. you know?
-No.
-Not yet. I don't wanna say something.
It's much better.
-Uh. two margaritas for us. please.
-Oh. oh.
Mixing. [groans]
Look. I've never really fit
into the patterns
of our antiquated patriarchy.
But I wouldn't call myself a woman.
But at your last job. you dated
your coworker as a straight man?
I didn't want to.
She was my boss's daughter.
So you didn't wanna date her.
No. honestly. I'd given up
on dating because…
[laughs] …women are dangerous.
And it usually ends bad for me.
Have you ever heard
about the "machosphere"?
Well. no. no.
but I'm happy to go there. Mm-hmm.
It's a community
of misogynists on the internet.
I'm writing a book about that.
-Oh. yeah? Interesting.
-[Irene] Mm-hmm.
And how can I help you?
Well. a typical prototype of someone
in the machosphere is the guy
that runs away from women
because he sees them as a threat.
Men going their own way.
No. no. I don't consider women a threat
at all.
You just told me we were dangerous.
Some are. Yeah. some are scary.
-Although not all women.
-Hmm.
[chuckles] So why do you avoid us?
It's for your own benefit.
I mean. isn't it better
to leave you alone?
You know. because we are
all maybe potential sex offenders. right?
See? That's the discriminatory mentality.
Do you know there are some men
who refuse to meet up alone with a woman?
Or share an elevator
because they might be reported?
-No. I didn't know that. Uh…
-Hmm. Santi. Santi.
I guess you're a little misogynistic.
[both sigh]
I told you I'm not a misogynist.
But you sure are a character.
[laughing]
Oh. and what you were saying earlier
about the machosphere
is super interesting. yeah.
So. is it a community
you found online of sexists?
I mean. it must attract
a lot of annoying men. Oof!
You can head out whenever you want.
Okay. but I thought
we could chat a bit together.
I'm starting to get a little tired.
[sighs]
[chattering]
She looks peaceful.
If only they had canapés or something.
Come on. Dad.
Hey. girl. thanks for coming.
-This is so boring.
-Yeah.
-Uh. Marga. I'm so sorry.
-[Esther groans]
Sure. yeah.
I'm sorry. This is very sad. Totally.
[exhales] You're a lawyer. Luz?
-That's right.
-[Marga] Let's talk later.
Okay.
Oh. wow. You think Grandma was loaded?
How'd it go with the hot journalist?
Did you score. or did you fuck it up?
Yes. I scored.
But apparently.
because I'm not a misogynist.
What kind of excuse is that?
What does that mean?
Okay. so if you avoid a woman
to stay safe.
you're also discriminating.
Wait. I'm lost.
It's okay to fuck.
Oh. so then we are supposed
to have sex with them.
-So we don't discriminate.
-Raúl. come on.
-Well. that's fine by me.
-Hey. isn't that actually coerced consent?
[Santi] By who?
By you. You felt obligated to fuck her.
[Santi] No. because we wanted to.
What about Álex and Manu?
Why is that coerced consent?
Because of the age difference.
-[Pedro] Isn't that ageism?
-Huh?
I understand him.
Álex is pretty hot. She's got nice tits.
[Santi] What did you say?
I'll smash your face in.
fucking asshole! You--
Hey. guys. Have some respect.
Or keep your voices down.
Uh. yeah.
Raúl. can we talk?
Luz.
Well. how are you doing with Daniela?
Fine. Fine.
I'm trying to… be more involved.
-I wanted to say I'm sorry.
-I forgive you. Come back to me.
I don't know why I was so upset
about you being with another man.
Experimenting is great.
Look. it was a failed experiment.
I don't even like guys. I only like you.
I just wanted to say sorry.
How are things?
Bad. I miss you. And you?
[both panting]
[Luz moans]
Isn't this a bit disrespectful
with the dead grandma?
They're being disrespectful.
living so long
while we pay for their pensions.
[Luz moans]
-Encarnación was a devoted wife.
-[Luz shushing]
[priest] Mother. grandmother.
and great-grandmother.
until her old age forced her
to stay in bed.
And while most people…
[gasps] Did you fuck just now?
[priest] It was a blessing
for her daughter.
Fucking lucky.
[priest] Who was able
to give back to her mother
all the care and attention
that she received from her.
And now Marga would like
to say a few words.
You got this. Ma.
[Marga sighs]
So we're back together?
If you wanna be.
but I'm seeing someone else.
But we just had amazing sex.
Yeah. but I practice romantic anarchy.
-And what's that now?
-[chuckles]
-If you would read the books I lent you…
-Shh!
[Marga] Thank you all
for coming here on this sad day.
This reminds us that life is a gift.
that it goes by very quickly.
and that you have to enjoy every moment.
And after all this time.
now that my poor mother
is resting in peace.
Joaquín. I want a divorce.
-[murmuring]
-[laughing]
[Marga] I'm not joking.
What's going on?
But. Ma.
Do you think she's having
a crisis because she's sad?
That wasn't her. It must've been pain.
Well. she didn't look that sad.
But they're so old.
Why would they separate?
Better late than never. Luis.
Because putting up with your dad…
Your mom is no gem either.
It's a miracle that they lasted so long.
-I don't wanna talk about it anymore.
-Oh. Luis. it's just life.
Hey. that's enough.
Daddy. Daddy. congratulations!
It's midnight.
-[Esther laughs]
-[Luis] Oh! Oh-ho!
Oh. what… but… oh!
You like it? I made it myself.
-Oh. my boy!
-[Esther] Aww.
-That's great.
-[Iris] I painted you a picture.
Look. that's all of us.
Oh. so you chose me
to be your special person after all.
Because you wouldn't give it a rest.
-Isn't it exciting like this?
-[Luis chuckles]
-I love you. Dad.
-Aww! Mmm!
I love you. my girl.
Boy. I'm a boy now.
[classical music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm